JUDY WOODRUFF: Good evening.
I'm Judy Woodruff.
On the "NewsHour" tonight:
President-elect
Trump pushes his priorities
while back on
the stump, eying another New
York investment
bank executive for a key
economic spot.
Plus: the power of lies -- a
look at the rise
of fake stories on the Internet,
and their
very real consequences.
Then:
WOMAN: Get back!
WOMAN: Aye, ma'am!
JUDY WOODRUFF: Part two of our
series, looking
at the first generation of
Marine women who
want combat jobs.
Will they meet the standards and
pass the
tests?
GEN.
ROBERT NELLER, Marine Corps
Commandant: It
doesn't matter who you are,
where you're from,
how much money you have got.
There's two types of people in
combat, those
that can, and those that you
worry about.
That's it.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And it's Friday.
Mark Shields and David Brooks
analyze a week
of new names proposed for the
coming Trump
administration, as they remember
John Glenn.
All that and more on tonight's
"PBS NewsHour."
(BREAK)
JUDY WOODRUFF: The
president-elect has been
out and about again today,
taking his victory
celebration to two more states.
At the same time, he's mulling
more names
for his administration.
Baton Rouge, Louisiana, was this
afternoon's
destination for the Trump thank
you tour.
He used it to stump for
Republican John Kennedy
in a U.S. Senate runoff election
tomorrow.
DONALD TRUMP (R),
President-Elect: If you
go to the polls, he's going to
win.
If you don't go to the polls,
he's not going
to win.
And if he doesn't win, I have
got myself a
problem in Washington, because
we have -- it's
pretty close.
JUDY WOODRUFF: A Kennedy win
would give the
GOP 52 seats in the Senate next
year.
Mr. Trump also met today with
the leader of
the Republican House majority,
Speaker Paul
Ryan, before leaving New York.
REP.
PAUL RYAN (R-WI), Speaker of the
House: We
had a great meeting to talk
about our transition.
We're very excited about getting
to work and
hitting the ground running in
2017 to put
this country back on track.
JUDY WOODRUFF: With that in
mind, the president-elect
is pressing to fill out his
Cabinet.
According to reports today,
Representative
Cathy McMorris Rodgers of
Washington state
is the choice for secretary of
the interior,
and the president of investment
bank Goldman
Sachs, Gary Cohn, will head the
National Economic
Council.
He would be the third Goldman
alumnus in a
top Trump administration post.
But former New York Mayor Rudy
Giuliani removed
himself from consideration for
any post.
He said he wasn't interested in
anything other
than secretary of state.
DONALD TRUMP: I'm here today for
one main
reason: to say thank you to the
great, great
people of Iowa.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
JUDY WOODRUFF: Last night, in
Des Moines,
the president-elect appeared
with his pick
for ambassador to China, Iowa
Governor Terry
Branstad.
DONALD TRUMP: With Terry on our
side, I know
we will succeed in bringing our
jobs back.
And I also know that China,
who's been so
tough and so competitive, and,
frankly, dealing
with people that didn't get it,
but I will
tell you what, we're going to
have mutual
respect.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Meanwhile, Mr.
Trump indicated
today he may ban Pentagon
officials who work
on weapons programs from ever
taking jobs
with military supply companies.
Tonight, the president-elect's
focus is on
Grand Rapids, Michigan, the
fourth stop on
his so-called thank you tour.
Also today, final figures showed
the Trump
campaign raised about $340
million for the
primaries and the general
election.
Hillary Clinton raised $580
million.
In the day's other news: The
White House announced
President Obama has ordered a
full review
of cyber-attacks during the
presidential campaign.
A number of Democrats have
complained that
Russian hacking was aimed at
aiding Donald
Trump.
But a presidential spokesman
said this is
not an effort to challenge the
outcome of
the election.
The U.S. Senate struggled today
to finish
a spending bill that would fund
the government
for four months.
Coal state Democrats delayed the
measure,
as a federal shutdown loomed at
midnight.
They demanded that the bill
extend benefits
for retired coal miners for a
full year, while
Republicans urged them accept a
shorter extension
for now.
SEN.
MITCH MCCONNELL (R-KY), Majority
Leader: My
intention is that the miner
benefits not expire
at the end of April next year.
As I just said, I'm going to
work with my
colleagues to prevent that.
But this is a good time to take
yes for an
answer.
SEN.
JOE MANCHIN (D), West Virginia:
We tried to
basically negotiate.
We tried to find compromise.
We tried to find a pathway
forward.
That's been hard for me to see a
pathway forward
right now.
So, I'm going to have to oppose.
JUDY WOODRUFF: The bill would
keep the government
operating through late April.
The president of South Korea was
impeached
and stripped of her powers
today.
Park Geun-hye is implicated in
an influence-peddling
scandal that's brought millions
of people
into the streets.
Our chief foreign affairs
correspondent, Margaret
Warner, has the story.
MARGARET WARNER: Roars of
celebration erupted
in Seoul as news of the
impeachment reached
the streets.
Thousands of protesters had
camped outside
Parliament, anticipating the
vote to strip
President Park of her powers.
It won support from both the
opposition and
Park's own party, leaving her to
accept the
inevitable.
PARK GEUN-HYE, South Korea
President (through
translator): I deeply apologize
to our citizens
for causing such a big national
confusion
amid national security and
economic concerns
due to my carelessness.
MARGARET WARNER: Park's
impeachment is the
culmination of a months-long
scandal that
sparked enormous public outcry.
It stems from accusations that
she granted
special favors and access to
Choi Soon-sil,
a longtime confidant.
She's also accused of arranging
for Choi to
receive classified documents.
Choi has been indicted on
charges of using
her influence to bully
businesses into donating
nearly $70 million to her
charity.
President Park denies any
criminal wrongdoing,
but her standing in public
opinion polls has
plunged to just 4 percent.
The drama has raised concerns
that North Korea,
with its active nuclear weapons
development
program, might try to take
advantage of political
troubles in the South, where
nearly 30,000
U.S. troops are stationed.
MARK TONER, State Department
Spokesman: We're
going to continue to meet all
our alliance
commitments, especially with
respect to defending
against the threats we have seen
emanating
from North Korea.
MARGARET WARNER: For now,
President Park's
duties will fall to the prime
minister, while
South Korea's constitutional
court decides
whether to uphold her ouster.
For the "PBS NewsHour," I'm
Margaret Warner.
JUDY WOODRUFF: A Dutch court
convicted anti-Islam
lawmaker Geert Wilders of hate
speech today.
The judges found Wilders
illegally targeted
the Moroccan minority in the
Netherlands with
insults, and incited others to
discriminate
against them.
Wilders called the verdict
totally insane.
His party narrowly leads in
polls ahead of
national elections next March.
In Syria, thousands of civilians
fled the
fighting in Eastern Aleppo, as
the army closed
the noose on rebel fighters.
Heavy air bombardment and ground
fighting
raged again.
Syrian military officials
claimed that they
now control about 85 percent of
the rebel
enclave.
Meanwhile, the U.N. General
Assembly approved
a nonbinding resolution
demanding an immediate
cease-fire.
The World Anti-Doping Agency
reports that
Russian cheating on drug tests
is even more
sweeping than already known.
Findings released today say it
involves more
than 1,000 Russian athletes in
more than 30
sports.
The agency concludes that the
cheating and
cover-up go back to at least
2011, and the
report's author says that Russia
corrupted
the 2012 London Olympic Games on
a -- quote
-- "unprecedented scale."
RICHARD MCLAREN, Report Author:
For years,
international sports
competitions have been
hijacked by the Russians.
Coaches and athletes have been
playing on
an uneven field.
Sports fans and spectators have
been deceived.
It's time that stops.
JUDY WOODRUFF: The head of
Russia's Anti-Doping
Commission called the report out
of date,
pointing to reforms taken since
the cover-up
was first discovered.
Back in this country, a federal
jury in Charleston,
South Carolina, watched the
videotaped confession
of Dylann Roof.
The self-described white
supremacist is accused
of shooting nine black church
members to death
in June 2015.
The FBI recorded the confession.
On it, Roof says: "I had to do
it because
somebody had to do it."
That sweeping recall of Takata
air bag inflators
will end up affecting 42 million
vehicles
in the U.S.
The National Highway Traffic
Safety Administration
issued the new projection today.
It also said that only 12.5
million of the
inflators have been replaced so
far.
The devices can explode with too
much force
and spew metal shards.
And Wall Street rallied again
for more record
closes.
The Dow Jones industrial average
gained 142
points to finish near 19757.
The Nasdaq rose 27, and the S&P
500 added
13.
Still to come on the "NewsHour":
the real-world
effects of fake news stories
online; a boot
camp where female recruits
seeking combat
jobs must meet the same
standards as men;
the housing crisis that
contributed to the
Oakland warehouse fire; plus,
Mark Shields
and David Brooks analyze a full
week of news.
This was a week where the
problems of so-called
fake news, often just a name for
an out-and-out
lie or unproven claim, were
evident once again,
and this time led to alarming
consequences.
Hari Sreenivasan joins us from
our New York
studio tonight with a look at
the latest concerns
in the beginning of a periodic
series on the
subject.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Viral
conspiracy theories
masquerading as news spread at
incredible
speeds throughout the election
cycle across
social platforms like Facebook,
Reddit, Twitter
and 4chan, but on December 4
came a very real
measure of their impact.
A 28-year-old man from North
Carolina man
entered Comet Ping Pong pizza in
Washington,
D.C., armed with an assault
rifle, claiming
he wanted to -- quote --
"self-investigate"
a fast-spreading theory.
Edgar Maddison Welch, seen here
with his arms
up, was intrigued by the totally
false conspiracy
theory that the pizzeria was
part of a child
abuse ring led by Hillary
Clinton and her
former campaign manager.
After aiming at an employee and
discharging
a weapon, he surrendered to
authorities.
Luckily, everyone inside escaped
unharmed.
This week, more fallout from
what has been
dubbed as Pizzagate: The Trump
transition
team removed Michael Flynn Jr.,
the son of
the man president-elect Trump
wants as his
national security adviser, after
it became
clear that Flynn Jr. was
retweeting this and
other conspiracies.
Hillary Clinton, herself the
target of other
lies spread over the Web
repeatedly, weighed
in during one of her few public
appearances
since the election.
HILLARY RODHAM CLINTON, Former
U.S. Secretary
of State: It's now clear that
so-called fake
news can have real-world
consequences.
This isn't about politics or
partisanship.
Lives are at risk, lives of
ordinary people
just trying to go about their
days, to do
their jobs, contribute to their
communities.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Technology
companies like
Facebook and Google say they are
working to
tackle the proliferation of fake
news.
One way has been to decrease the
incentives
for advertising that appears on
these sites.
Sheryl Sandberg, the COO of
Facebook, on Thursday's
"Today Show":
SHERYL SANDBERG, COO, Facebook:
We have taken
important steps, but there is a
lot more to
do.
We know that people don't want
to see hoaxes
on Facebook and we don't want to
see hoaxes
on Facebook.
HARI SREENIVASAN: According to a
BuzzFeed
News investigation, many fake
news sites are
built purely for profit,
sometimes even created
by opportunistic teens in
far-off places like
Macedonia, regardless of the
content, because
more clicks lead to more
dollars.
What is motivating the rise of
fake news,
and what tools are tech
companies developing
to stop its spread?
As part of a series of
conversations, I'm
joined by Marc Fisher of The
Washington Post,
who wrote one of the deeper
dives into how
this baseless story spread so
fast and how
it almost ended in tragedy.
Marc, this is one of the first
stories that
I think drew a connection for
people that
virtual hoaxes have real-world
consequences.
MARC FISHER, The Washington
Post: Well, they
absolutely do.
And we saw this when a gunman
walked into
the pizza place that was the
subject of this
false rumor about a supposed sex
ring that
Hillary Clinton and John
Podesta, her campaign
chairman, were running in a
residential neighborhood
pizza place in Washington, D.C.
And what we were able to do was
to kind of
trace this back to patient zero,
looking back
to, how did this spread and why
did it spread?
And what we found was a
combination of people
who had a profit motive and
people who were
really quite innocently running
across this
story and deciding that it was
concerning
to them and they wanted to know
more about
it.
HARI SREENIVASAN: That's one of
the things
people are going to wonder
about.
How do you not see the falsehood
in this?
Or how do you press share?
Or how do you end up kind of
perpetrating
this lie further and further?
What were the answers that
people were giving
you?
MARC FISHER: You know, I think
there is a
tendency to dismiss the people
who spread
these stories as uneducated or
simply not
understanding the technology
they're dealing
with.
Anything but the case.
They tend to be quite educated
people.
They tend to be people who are
very well-connected
online.
And what they're stumbling into
sometimes,
first of all, there's kind of a
loss of trust.
So, if you look at the whole
diminution of
trust across society about
government, about
the news media, people are
looking for alternative
ideas and alternative sources.
That's why they are open to
these kinds of
stories that they find online.
And then, once they find them,
what I found
in talking to the people who
spread the message
most widely is that they were
kind of caught
up in the fun of this.
To them, it was kind of a game,
a serious
game, because they thought they
were saving
children who were being held in
this underground
sex ring, but kind of a game,
where they were
really enjoying the hunt.
And that thrill of the chase is
really very
similar to what's most
satisfying about doing
journalism, but without the
responsibility
part.
And that's the part where they
say, well -- you
know, it's reminiscent of what
Silicon Valley
executives used to say years
ago, that the
Internet is a self-correcting
mechanism.
A lot of the people who were
involved in this
believe that, and they're really
not keeping
it front of mind the real-world
damage, such
as a gunman showing up to
conduct his own
investigation.
HARI SREENIVASAN: So, what
you're kind of
describing is almost a
large-scale game of
"Clue" being played by thousands
of people.
I'm aging myself with the
reference to that
game.
But tell us a little bit more
about the people
who are doing this for a profit
motive.
MARC FISHER: Well, there is that
side of things.
And so some people are doing it
for political
reasons and some people are
doing it for profit.
And you find some of these -- an
extraordinary
amount of the traffic online
about Pizzagate,
this rumor, was going through
odd places,
Vietnam, Macedonia.
What's going on there is that
people are setting
up sites and setting up bots,
which are essentially
algorithms that are used to
spread a message
or to retweet something many,
many times.
And they do this because the
more they can
get people coming to their site,
the more
advertising revenue they get
from the big
social media companies.
So there is a profit that can be
made by taking
something, however fantastic or
incredible,
and putting it out there in such
a way that
it goes viral, and then all of
that Web traffic,
all of those clicks turn out to
-- translate
into dollars.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Now, just
recently, Facebook
and Google tried to take a
little bit of those
dollar incentives away from
these fake news
sites.
But, other than that, what else
are they doing?
What else can they do?
MARC FISHER: Well, they can do a
lot more
than they're doing.
And the reason we're able to say
that is,
we look across the ocean to
Europe, where
they are doing more, under
pressure from governments
there that don't have our same
system of First
Amendment guarantees and don't
have the kind
of freedom that our Internet
companies have
as a result of the exemption
that absolves
them from responsibility for the
content that
they have on their sites.
That's from the 1996
Telecommunications Act.
In Europe, without those legal
strictures,
there is a different kind of
legal system
involved where these companies
are now being
required to remove derogatory
material about
people from their sites.
And they're having to do that.
So, they clearly know how to do
that.
They choose not to in this
country, in part
because it's very expensive to
have editors
and producers going through and
making sure
that the material that is on
their site is
responsible.
The Internet companies tend to
say, that is
not our responsibility, this is
purely a matter
for the users to express
themselves however
they wish.
But if you think about the rest
of our economy,
there is no other product, there
is no other
news product or even physical
product where
the maker says, we have no
responsibility
for what we make.
That is just the nature of our
commerce.
We expect companies that produce
things to
take responsibility.
HARI SREENIVASAN: So, how does
it change the
landscape of journalism?
There is definitely a line of
thought that
says just by us labeling this --
quote, unquote
-- "fake news," instead of
outright lies or
conspiracy theories, that we're
elevating
it to a status of respect and
credibility
that it doesn't deserve.
I mean, the idea of yellow
journalism has
existed since the late 1800s.
It helped us get into the
Spanish-American
War.
MARC FISHER: Sure.
And conspiracy theories have
been around since
the dawn of civilization.
There's biblical admonitions
against them.
And so that's always been there,
probably
always will be.
So, the problem is not really
the fake news
or the speech itself.
The problem is the way it's
being spread.
It's being spread more quickly
and more widely
through technology than ever
before.
And that's the part that we
haven't gotten
a handle on.
So, what is the role for
traditional journalism?
Obviously, fact-checking,
obviously trying
to build up our credibility, so
that people
do see that there are places
that can be trusted.
But we do happen to live in a
time when trust
is at a relative low.
And we have seen this in periods
of economic
trouble and political trouble in
our country,
after the Kennedy assassination
and now after
the 2008 crash.
And so, during those periods,
people do look
for alternative sources, and
that's what's
happening now.
HARI SREENIVASAN: All right,
Marc Fisher of
The Washington Post, one of many
conversations
we will be having on this topic.
Thanks so much for joining us.
MARC FISHER: Thank you.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Last night, we
introduced you
to three female pioneers, young
women who
are trying to enter the newly
opened combat
positions in the U.S. Marine
Corps.
These roles had been blocked to
women for
generations, but not anymore.
The question now, will they meet
the same
rigorous standards as men to
serve on the
front lines?
Producer Dan Sagalyn and
correspondent William
Brangham continue our story.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM:
Eighteen-year-old Rebekah
Wolff is three weeks into Marine
Corps boot
camp at Parris Island, South
Carolina.
She's one of the few young women
who want
to enter the combat positions
that for years
have been shut to women.
She wants to be an air defense
gunner, to
shoot Stinger missiles.
But, first, it's the basics of
knife-fighting.
MAN: Hey, we see how slashing
that partner
right down the center of their
chest, right?
MARINE RECRUITS: Yes, sir!
MAN: Vertical slash!
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: These early
weeks of boot
camp are tough.
Recruits are still getting used
to the rigors
of Marine training.
They don't sleep much, and many
haven't been
away from home for this long.
Recruit Wolff admits she's
having a hard time.
I know it's still early in your
training.
How do you feel like you're
doing?
REBEKAH WOLFF, Marine Corps
Recruit: I feel
like I could do better.
I was a lot better at home,
probably because
I get a lot more sleep and I eat
a lot more
than what I do here.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: What have you
been telling
mom and dad back home?
REBEKAH WOLFF: In all honesty, I
tell my mom
and dad that I want to come home
and that
I can't wait to see them.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: If you could
choose, would
you go home right now?
REBEKAH WOLFF: No, sir.
I came here to become a Marine.
And I'm going to leave as a
Marine.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: We met two
other female
recruits who also want to go
into these newly
opened combat positions.
Twenty-one-year-old Victoria
Golab-Meyer wants
to be a combat engineer.
VICTORIA GOLAB-MEYER, Marine
Corps Recruit:
And the fact that there's so
many women now
that are excited to try it and
know that women
have a place somewhere, it's
worth fighting
for, to say the least.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: And
18-year-old Lacey Elkins
wants to operate a tank or an
amphibious assault
vehicle.
LACEY ELKINS, Marine Corps
Recruit: I like
to experience new things, and I
don't like
being comfortable.
Comfortable just kind of sets
you nowhere.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: As we reported
previously,
the Marines didn't want women
serving in certain
combat positions, arguing it
would make them
a less effective fighting force.
But they were overruled by the
secretary of
defense.
So, the Marines say orders are
orders, and
they're now working hard to
integrate women.
One thing they have done is to
establish physical
standards for each combat
position, and they
are the same for men and women,
one standard
that everyone has to meet.
GEN.
ROBERT NELLER, Marine Corps
Commandant: This
is physically demanding stuff.
You know, we're talking carrying
heavy loads.
We're not riding around.
We're walking.
The Marine Corps infantry is
light infantry.
And the load is heavy.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: General Robert
Neller is
the commandant of the Marine
Corps, the service's
highest military officer.
He says equal standards for men
and women
is an important step to making
integration
work.
GEN.
ROBERT NELLER: It doesn't matter
who you are,
where you're from, how much
money you have
got, the color of your skin,
your religion.
Nobody cares.
There's two types of people in
combat, those
that can, and those that you
worry about.
That's it.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: And if women
pass those
standards and meet all those
requirements,
you're not worried about them?
GEN.
ROBERT NELLER: No.
They're Marines.
Do your job.
SGT.
CODY MORRIS, Marine Corps: How
quickly you
move directly translates to
their survivability.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Combat veteran
Sergeant
Cody Morris oversees basic
warrior training
at Parris Island.
He says equal standards are
crucial, but he
worries they won't last.
He echoed a concern we heard
from many, that
if enough women don't pass these
standards,
they will be lowered.
SGT.
CODY MORRIS: I guarantee the
transition and
them being able to mesh together
would be
a lot easier if we knew that,
oh, you completed
a 20-mile hike with this much
weight and this
much time?
So did I.
And that's what matters most to
the people
that I know.
It isn't so much that you're a
male and I'm
a female and you're this and
you're that.
It's that the mission is hard,
and I need
everybody to be able to
accomplish it, and
not just to meet some diversity
criteria.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: We talked with
some current
Marines and some former Marines
who say, OK,
these jobs are now open to
women, and that
somewhere down the road there's
going to be
some pressure brought to bear on
the Corps
to lower those standards to
guarantee that
more women get into these jobs.
Is that going to happen?
GEN.
ROBERT NELLER: Not on my watch.
I have heard the secretary of
defense and
the secretary of the Navy say,
we're not going
to lower the standard.
We have established the
standards.
They know what the standards
are.
And if any standard we set was
causing high
attrition or high injury rate of
anybody,
then that's probably something
you want to
look at.
But, right now, that's not the
case.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: So far, of the
12,000 women
who've enlisted in the Marines
in the last
three years, only 150 have
chosen to apply
for these combat jobs.
And of those, only 53 about, one
in three,
passed these tougher standards.
The rest failed, dropped out or
are still
in training.
More broadly, women also get
injured more
often than men at boot camp, and
they drop
out at double the rate of men.
To some, this is all evidence
that putting
women into combat roles is a bad
idea.
Retired Colonel Mary Reinwald
spent 27 years
in the Marines.
She now edits "Leatherneck"
magazine, a magazine
for the Marine community.
COL.
MARY REINWALD (RET.), Marine
Corps: Women
break, physically break down at
a much greater
level than our male
counterparts.
That's just reality.
Can a -- women carry the same
load as a man?
And loads in Iraq and
Afghanistan were as
much as 70, 80 pounds, if not
more, depending
on what the mission was.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: That's the
full battle gear.
COL.
MARY REINWALD: That's the full
battle gear,
and more in some cases.
You know, how long would I have
lasted with
something like that, again, as
much heart
as I may have had?
But that's really not the issue.
It's, when did my body start to
break down?
LT.
COL.
KATE GERMANO (RET.), Marine
Corps: I would
say that if there's one woman
out of 1,000
who can make that move and move
into the ground
combat job, then why should she
be denied
that opportunity?
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Retired
Lieutenant Colonel
Kate Germano commanded the
female battalion
at Parris Island, but she was
fired in 2015
for creating a -- quote --
"hostile command
climate."
She says she was pushing to
improve recruit
training.
She says the reason so many
women drop out
and so many fail to pass the new
combat standards
is that the Marines haven't
raised the bar
high enough for women.
So, you would argue that it's
lowered expectations
of women over the years that has
driven this
disparity, not some inherent
inability on
behalf of women?
LT.
COL.
KATE GERMANO: Absolutely,
absolutely lowered
expectations for females.
And what I would say is that
there is a lot
of data to support that
conclusion.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: As proof,
Germano says she
was able to dramatically improve
female marksmanship
at Parris Island.
LT.
COL.
KATE GERMANO: We were able to
take an initial
qualification rate of 67 percent
for the women,
compared to high 80s and 90
percent for male
workers.
We were able to take that low
percentage and
bring it to right under 92
percent in less
than a year.
And that was not through any
extra training.
It wasn't through any
pre-recruit training,
screening.
It was strictly through changing
the expectation
that women could shoot and that
they should
be expected to shoot well.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Germano says
those high
expectations should trickle down
to better
conditioning of recruits before
boot camp,
like we saw Rebekah Wolff doing
here this
summer, as well as recruiting
stronger women
to begin with.
SGT.
MAJ.
ANGELA MANESS, Marine Corps: We
have to look
for a better product.
America has to look and give us
what we're
looking for here, and that's a
college athlete.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Sergeant Major
Angela Maness,
the highest ranking enlisted
officer at Parris
Island, says the Marines are
setting high
standards and have started a new
initiative
to recruit stronger women.
SGT.
MAJ.
ANGELA MANESS: So, when we have
a solid foundation
coming here already, with muscle
already attached
to her body, it's not going to
be that difficult
to get her trained to the level
that we need
her.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: A few weeks
after we first
met the three recruits, we
checked back at
boot camp.
So, something is different since
the last
time I saw you.
LACEY ELKINS: Yes, I became a
United States
Marine.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM:
Congratulations.
LACEY ELKINS: Thank you.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Private 1st
Class Lacey
Elkins passed her combat fitness
test with
flying colors.
She got some of the highest
scores of her
platoon.
She will now train to operate
amphibious assault
vehicles.
And after completing the
grueling two-day
crucible at the end of boot
camp, Private
Victoria Golab-Meyer received
her Marine insignia.
In this emotional ceremony, she
officially
becomes a U.S. Marine.
She also passed her combat
fitness test and
will move on to be a combat
engineer.
But recruit Rebekah Wolff still
had to pass
her test, and today is the
make-or-break day.
To get into her chosen combat
job, she has
to run half-a-mile in a certain
period of
time, press a 30-pound
ammunition can over
her head at least 60 times in
two minutes.
Right after, there's a timed
course that involves
crawling on all fours, running
with 60 pounds
of weight in her hands, and
carrying another
recruit on her back, all this
against the
clock.
Wolff didn't make it.
Her scores were close, but not
good enough.
Three weeks later, Wolff still
graduated and
became a U.S. Marine, but she's
now been assigned
to a different non-combat
position.
Instead of shooting Stinger
missiles, she
will be coordinating the
movement of equipment,
supplies and people.
For the "PBS NewsHour," I'm
William Brangham
in Parris Island, South
Carolina.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And William joins
me now.
William, a remarkable story
here.
Let's talk about Rebekah Wolff.
She goes through boot camp.
She finishes.
She graduates.
But she doesn't qualify for
combat.
How disappointed was she?
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Initially, she
was very,
very disappointed.
The day that she failed, she was
crushed.
Now she says she's not so
It's important to say Rebekah
missed this
test by just a hair.
In those drills that we saw her
doing, that
ammo can lift, where she has to
lift the weight
over her head, she missed it by
one.
That long, extended race at the
end, she missed
that by 22 seconds.
So, and then also, 10 days
hater, after that
test, she was back home, out of
boot camp.
She was diagnosed with
bronchitis and said
she had been feeling sick all
along.
So, she was disappointed
initially, but now
she's a Marine.
She's proud to have gotten
through boot camp,
which is no small feat in and of
itself.
And she is going to go on and is
being trained
in North Carolina right now.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And the Marines
don't care
if you're sick, right?
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: The Marine
ethos is, suck
it up.
Basically, if you're feeling
crummy, you're
not feeling so good, life is
hard, boot camp
is hard, tough it out.
JUDY WOODRUFF: So this entire
exercise, allowing
women to qualify for combat in
the Marines,
this was ordered by the
secretary of defense
under President Obama.
We know very well that Donald
Trump has expressed
a different point of view.
His incoming defense secretary,
General James
Mattis, is not a believer in
women in combat.
What is expected here?
I mean, how much could this
whole thing change?
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: That's the
$64,000 question.
I think all the women who are in
the Marine
Corps and the Marine community
more broadly
are looking very closely at what
is going
to happen.
As you said, the secretaries of
defense under
Obama pushed this order, and
they pushed it
against the resistance of the
Marine Corps.
But now we have a new secretary
of secretary
of defense.
And what one orders, another one
can just
simply do away with.
And, as you know, General James
Mattis is
himself going to be a former
Marine.
He has been very strongly
against this position.
He thinks it is weakening the
Marine Corps.
He likened it to asking a
football team to
suddenly take on 10, 15, 20
percent female
players and go ahead and play.
And he says you could imagine
everyone would
laugh at that idea, but that's
what you're
asking the Marine Corps to do.
So, he's very strongly against
it.
And whether he overturns or not,
it's still
not clear, but he is not a fan.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And, finally, you
talked to
so many women who were going
through boot
camp, William.
What do you think their reaction
would be
if the Defense Department says,
we're going
to undo the -- or the Marines,
if the Marines
undo this?
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: I think there
would be an
enormous amount of
disappointment amongst
the female recruits and now the
female Marines
that we spoke to.
I think they went into it.
They want to serve their
country.
They saw this as a final barrier
that was
breaking.
And they were deeply proud to
take on these
jobs.
People who are outside of the
Marine Corps,
for instance, Lieutenant Colonel
Kate Germano,
who we talked to in our report,
she said,
if they were to do this -- and
they're not
sure that they're going to -- it
would be
a huge blow to the morale of
women.
It would reinforce the idea, she
says, that
exists in some corners of the
Marine Corps
that women are second-class
citizens.
Others think they're probably
not going to
want to take this fight on, they
will simply
let the standards stay high, and
that not
that many women will make it
through, and
that the policy will just
continue.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Well, it's just
been a remarkable
look inside something that we
really almost
never get a chance to see.
And I know we're going to
continue to follow
this.
William Brangham, thank you.
WILLIAM BRANGHAM: Thank you.
JUDY WOODRUFF: A week after the
deadly fire
at an artists warehouse space in
Oakland,
California, known as the Ghost
Ship killed
36 people, fire departments
around the country
are investigating so-called
live-work spaces.
These are places often inhabited
by artists
and low-income residents.
There's ever less affordable
housing today
in many metro areas, pushing
people to new
measures and extremes.
And again to Hari, who's been
working with
our team on this story.
RACHEL SAXER, Artist: Everybody
is watching
us in all the other cities.
It's like becoming a national
crisis.
HARI SREENIVASAN: In art
warehouses across
Oakland, people are anxious
their way of life
is under threat.
RACHEL SAXER: All the survivors
live warehouses
or occupy warehouses.
And we're all grieving, and
people who are
survivors are now at risk for
losing their
home.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Fears of a
backlash from
city inspectors and property
owners are beginning
to materialize.
ANGELA SCRIVANI, Artist: This
week, my leaseholder
told me the landlord was scared
of people
living in our space and has
asked anybody
living there to move out by
January 3.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Painter and
photographer
Angela Scrivani has been living
and working
in this Oakland art studio for
the past eight
years.
She's asking city officials to
differentiate
between a dwelling that's unsafe
vs. one that's
just not permitted properly.
ANGELA SCRIVANI: A lot of the
spaces that
I have been in where we didn't
pull permits
to build the areas in which we
live and work,
we built them to code.
It's such a desperate situation
that we were
willing to take the risk and
hoped that it
wouldn't come to this.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Oakland is not
alone in
cracking down on buildings not
zoned for residents.
L.A., Dallas, Nashville and New
Haven have
all put landlords and tenants on
notice to
clear out buildings that might
be substandard
living conditions.
Baltimore is taking it a step
further.
Que Pequeno is a multimedia
artist.
He had been living in this
building known
as the Bell Foundry until
earlier this week.
On Monday, the city evicted him
and nine other
artists without warning.
QUE PEQUENO, Artist: Bell
Foundry is just
an example of what's going to
happen to, like,
more spaces like this, in
Baltimore -- not
only in Baltimore, but, like, in
different
cities.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Artists could
live, work
and party at the Bell Foundry.
It was also a sanctuary for the
LGBTQ community
and artists of color, according
to Pequeno.
QUE PEQUENO: My next move,
hopefully, is to
find a new safe space for black
and brown
artists, for black and brown
people in Baltimore,
from Baltimore.
HARI SREENIVASAN: The Bell
Foundry was never
zoned for residential use, and
it was unsafe,
according to Kathleen Byrne, who
is responsible
for permits and code enforcement
in Baltimore's
housing department.
KATHLEEN BYRNE, Baltimore
Housing Department:
It was an accident waiting to
happen.
There were tons of flammables
and combustibles,
as well as debris located.
And it just -- it warranted
imminent danger.
So, it wasn't just a matter of
not getting
the proper permit.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Even with the
wakeup call
in Oakland, these safety issues
are nothing
new for Baltimore.
KATHLEEN BYRNE: It's probably
every code enforcement
official's worst nightmare, what
happened
in Oakland.
But these are things that we
deal with on
a daily basis.
They're just not in the public
eye.
HARI SREENIVASAN: The Bell
Foundry's closure
has put other Baltimore artists
on high alert
that their spaces could be
targeted.
MD-BO /STEWART WATSON, Area 405:
I'm terrified.
I feel like someone's going to
take it away.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Stewart Watson
owns Area
405, a massive mixed-use space
converted from
a 19th century factory.
Watson spent 14 years getting
the building
up to code.
STEWART WATSON: The sprinkler
system happened
pretty quickly.
The firewalls and the stairwells
was within
the first couple of years.
But the other things have taken
time.
You know, updating electrical
and things like
that has taken -- has taken a
long time.
HARI SREENIVASAN: It's a
process, she says,
must be done to keep artists
safe.
STEWART WATSON: Not providing
safety for the
people who entrust their lives
to you is unconscionable.
People trust me with their
lives, and I don't
take that lightly.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Because many
artists lack
the resources to operate safe
spaces, the
Greater Baltimore Cultural
Alliance advocates
on their behalf.
Executive director Jeannie Howe:
JEANNIE HOWE, Executive
Director, Greater
Baltimore Cultural Alliance: One
of the most
frequent calls we get is a
search for space
of some kind.
And we have put together a
couple of tools
that help match folks with
available space.
We value this community
tremendously.
We value these artists and we
value their
contributions to the city.
.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Robbie Kowal
has been producing
major outdoor music parties in
San Francisco
for 19 years.
He says that if cities are
serious about retaining
their artists, they need to
recognize that
art spaces are critical.
ROBBIE KOWAL, Concert Promoter:
These warehouse
spaces are the only places where
they can
afford to not only live, but pay
that second
rent to actually have a studio
to create their
work.
HARI SREENIVASAN: And he warns
that regulatory
effort could drive artists into
more dangerous
spaces.
ROBBIE KOWAL: Artists will find
another place
to make art.
So, I would just advise the
public officials
to concentrate on harm reduction
over code
compliance.
Right?
It's a very big difference.
HARI SREENIVASAN: That's what
San Francisco
does when it comes to regulating
live performance
spaces.
Jocelyn Kane heads the city's
Entertainment
Commission.
JOCELYN KANE, San Francisco
Entertainment
Commission: We are much safer
than other cities,
where people are somewhat scared
to come to
government.
And we have tools that we use in
our toolbox
to allow people to consider
using, like, an
out-of-the-box crazy space to do
an event
that would be unique or
different.
And then we can sort of guide
them through
in a way that feels safe to
them.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Kane says that
since many
artists rely on income from live
performances,
it's important they have easy
access to spaces
where they can safely host these
events.
JOCELYN KANE: I'm sitting in
City Hall.
I'm a part of government, and
I'm trying to
be an advocate as much as
possible, within
the confines of what we call
responsible hospitality.
HARI SREENIVASAN: Stewart
Watson, owner of
Area 405 in Baltimore, hopes
more artists
will also be able to invest in
safe spaces.
STEWART WATSON: I want artists
to buy places.
I want them to fix them.
I don't want them to think that
living in
places that are not fixed up is
OK.
HARI SREENIVASAN: And that's
just what Que
Pequeno is climbing toward.
For the "PBS NewsHour," I'm Hari
Sreenivasan.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And to the
analysis of Shields
and Brooks.
That's syndicated columnist Mark
Shields and
New York Times columnist David
Brooks.
Welcome, gentlemen.
So, let's talk about the Trump
Cabinet.
We know that Rudy Giuliani's
out, took himself,
they said, out of consideration.
But we have got several names,
Mark, of people
who are in at Labor, at the EPA,
HUD, Housing
and Urban Development, Small
Business, and
they all seem to be people who
don't necessarily
agree with what the mission of
these agencies
has been during the Obama
administration.
What are we to make of them?
MARK SHIELDS: We have to make of
them they're
very personal choices by Donald
Trump.
Ben Carson is a world-renowned
pediatric neurosurgeon,
400 surgeries a year.
Surgeon General?
No.
Housing and Urban Development.
And he's owned several houses.
He's lived in a house.
(LAUGHTER)
MARK SHIELDS: I don't know what
the other
qualifications are.
Particularly interesting to me
was, after
he met -- the president-elect
with Al Gore,
probably the most prominent
environmental
voice in the entire Democratic
Party, he then
chose the Oklahoma attorney
general, Scott
Pruitt, to be director of the
Environmental
Protection Agency.
I think protection is a key word
there.
And when you think of pristine
preservation
of America, you immediately
think of Tulsa
and Oklahoma.
(CROSSTALK)
JUDY WOODRUFF: Be careful, my
birthplace.
(LAUGHTER)
MARK SHIELDS: I know it's your
birthplace,
Judy.
But let's be very frank about
it.
It hasn't -- it's not a vanguard
state.
It's not a forefront state in
environmental
protection.
It's a state that has been very
big on fracking,
that has had 907 earthquakes in
the last year,
which is more than they had in
the last 35
years, under fracking, a
3.0-magnitude.
And I would say, if he's not a
denier of climate
change, then Attorney General
Pruitt is certainly
a serious skeptic.
So, I don't know if there's a
pattern here.
Maybe David can figure it out.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Pattern?
DAVID BROOKS: I rise to the
defense of Oklahoma.
(LAUGHTER)
JUDY WOODRUFF: Thank you.
I'm glad to have one of you.
DAVID BROOKS: And it's exactly
the sort of
coastal condescension toward the
beauties
of Tulsa that has created the
Trump phenomenon
in the first place.
First, agencies and these
issues, whether
it's environmental or labor
issues, they have
-- it's a tradeoff.
And Democrats in environmental
agencies tend
to favor -- be more sensitive to
environmental
harm.
And Republicans tend to be more
sensitive
to business harm.
And so I don't know if they're
going against
the mission of the agencies.
It's just a different set of
priorities, and
it's legitimate.
Trump has picked the more
extreme versions
of all Republicans so far, the
more aggressive.
And I think the thing to watch
out for is,
I could totally paint a scenario
where Trump
runs an authoritarian regime.
I can totally paint a scenario
where he has
no control over his own
government.
And that's in part because of
his attention
span problems, but in part
because running
an agency is very hard.
Cabinet secretaries often have
no control
over their agency.
And it becomes doubly hard when
you're really
out of opinion with the people
who actually
work in the agency.
And it becomes triply hard, as I
think may
happen, a lot of people will
leave the government.
There are a lot of people in a
lot of these
sorts of places that are
weighing, do I really
want to serve here?
And I have certainly heard from
people who
say, I really don't.
Yes, I'm a career person, I
respect the political
process, but I just don't feel
comfortable
working here anymore.
MARK SHIELDS: It's a reasonable
point.
I do want to say one thing about
the secretary
of labor.
I just wish once, when they pick
a secretary
of labor, they would say, gee,
who's the best
boss in America?
Who has great relations?
(CROSSTALK)
JUDY WOODRUFF: He runs two,
what, food companies.
MARK SHIELDS: He runs -- no, and
he's been
-- his relations with workers
are not a hallmark
of his career.
He's been very successful in
maximizing profit.
But there is no particular
encomiums to him
about...
JUDY WOODRUFF: We should say,
his name is
Andy Puzder.
MARK SHIELDS: Andy Puzder -- to
his relationship
with his workers.
Aaron Feuerstein, who was head
of Malden Mills
at Lawrence, Massachusetts, when
the mill
burned down, the first thing he
did was to
keep all his employees on the
payroll for
60 days while he rebuilt on the
spot.
He didn't take the insurance or
go offshore.
Or Dan Price in Seattle at
Gravity Payments,
who cut his own salary by 90
percent to give
everybody a 70 percent --
$70,000 minimum
wage.
I mean, just once, I would like
to have somebody
who says, I really do care about
workers.
And Puzder has been very
successful franchising
Hardee's and Carl's Jr., but
there's no particular
record of his consideration or
concern for
workers.
JUDY WOODRUFF: David, the other
point that
was made about Linda McMahon,
who was chosen
for the Small Business
Administration, she's
a billionaire with her husband.
They were wrestling --
professional wrestling
entrepreneurs.
And then the question is, there
are now four
or five billionaires in the
Trump Cabinet.
Do we think that's just the way
it's going
to be?
DAVID BROOKS: Well, he likes his
fellow billionaires,
assuming he is one.
I do think, generally, populist
movements
don't -- are not against
billionaires.
They are not against self-made
billionaires
in particular.
They're certainly not -- the
Trump movement
is certainly not hostile to
professional wrestling.
What they tend to be suspicious
is professionals
and what they see as the
managerial class.
So, if he picked a lot of people
who went
to Harvard Law School, worked in
the academy,
worked in the media, then I
think his supporters
would be restless.
But they're not -- they're
sensitive to people
they think are looking down upon
them, basically
the professional class.
And so I don't think it's
entirely inconsistent
that -- or out of spirit of his
movement to
have these Linda McMahon-type
people.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Mark?
MARK SHIELDS: Ike had nine
millionaires and
a plumber in his Cabinet, Martin
Durkin, the
president of a plumbers union.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Eisenhower.
MARK SHIELDS: Eisenhower did.
It is.
And the -- Goldman Sachs is
probably over-represented,
considering it was part of the
vast conspiracy
with Hillary Clinton to rob the
United States
of its sovereignty, according to
candidate
Trump.
And now he's finding that
they're a personnel
supplier for his administration.
JUDY WOODRUFF: The other thing
we saw a little
bit more of this week, David,
was this continuation
of Donald Trump tweeting
criticism of Boeing
aircraft over the cost, what he
says may be
the cost overrun for the new Air
Force One,
and then getting into a spat
with a local
union president in Indiana who
had said, you
know, you're not really going to
be saving
as much jobs at the Carrier
Corporation as
you said you were.
DAVID BROOKS: Yes.
A friend of mine who's a
political strategist
in town said to me, you know,
half my conversations
are about the dissent of fascism
in America,
and maybe that is going to
happen, and then
half are normal policy
discussions about how
to reform health care.
And so the Trump administration
could go off
in both directions.
We could be seeing something
entirely new,
something entirely
authoritarian, something
that looks more like Ukraine or
Russia than
anything we're used to seeing
here.
And these tweets are to me one
of the telltale
signs of whether we're going off
in that direction.
If he's just tweeting about a
union guy, then
he's just being the bully we
have seen.
But if he uses the power of the
presidency
to back up some of those tweets
and he's really,
really coming down with a hammer
on people
he doesn't like using the power
of the presidency,
then we're seeing something very
new and very
different.
And it's too soon to tell
whether he is going
to start doing that, but that,
to me, would
be an indicator of something
very troubling,
if he does that as president.
JUDY WOODRUFF: What do you see?
MARK SHIELDS: Well,
cyber-bullying, the emphasis
on bullying here, going after
Chuck Jones,
the president of Local 1999 of
the Steel Workers,
is punching down.
It's somebody in a powerful,
omnipotent position
punching somebody who's a lot
less important,
and putting them not only as the
object of
ridicule, but open threats that
Chuck Jones
has received as a consequence of
the president
doing this -- president-elect
doing this.
And he just doesn't seem to
grasp or understand,
Mr. Trump, the majesty and the
power of the
office.
And I think Bob Dallek, the
presidential historian,
very respected, said that this
behavior is
beneath the dignity of the
office.
And it really is.
And I don't think he grasps it
and understands
it, the Boeing thing being one
example, where
you can move stock by just an
idle comment.
But it's intimidating.
It's silencing.
It's a chilling effect.
And it's decidedly
unpresidential.
JUDY WOODRUFF: David, go ahead.
DAVID BROOKS: To a lot of
people, it just
seems like an active presidency,
like he's
being active on behalf of the
American people.
And I do think, oh, the Carrier
thing, I hated
it as a policy matter, but at
least he's hammering
-- he's saving jobs.
He's doing stuff.
Obama never did any of this
stuff.
People have a different
conception of what
the presidency should be.
MARK SHIELDS: But it isn't
Carrier.
I'm talking about tweeting.
DAVID BROOKS: Yes.
MARK SHIELDS: I'm talking about
tweeting against
an individual and holding that
individual
-- like Jeff Zeleny of CNN,
terrific reporter,
holding him up to ridicule for
doing his job.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Well, and in
connection with
that, I want to ask you quickly,
we did a
segment, Hari did an interview
about this
earlier in the show, Mark, about
the -- we
call it fake news.
And we were just sitting here
saying that
doesn't do justice to what's
been going on.
MARK SHIELDS: Lying.
JUDY WOODRUFF: It's lies that
are out there.
MARK SHIELDS: Right.
Yes.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Michael Flynn --
General Michael
Flynn, who has been chosen to be
the president's
national security adviser, his
son was actively
tweeting, repeating some of
these stories
that were completely false about
a pizza place
in Washington being a place
where there was
a pedophile ring going on
involving Hillary
Clinton and her chief of staff.
A man from North Carolina --
this was all
in the news last week -- comes
to Washington
with a gun, shoots it inside.
This is a family place.
MARK SHIELDS: It's a family
place, where -- Comet
Ping Pong, where -- pizza --
where my 10-year-old
granddaughter, Frances (ph), I
attended her
10th birthday party there
recently in the
back room with the ping-pong.
It very much of a family -- it
has great pizza.
It's a very popular place.
It's a total fabrication.
It's worse than a fabrication.
It's a slur and a libel.
This -- Alex Jones is involved
in this, the
radio personality, talks about
Hillary Clinton
murdering young children.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Yes.
MARK SHIELDS: I mean, it just
has to be confronted.
And I thought Marc Fisher did a
great job
in The Washington Post, and he
with his interview
with Hari, in shooting it down.
But if you have got to spend all
your time
shooting this stuff down,
Judy...
DAVID BROOKS: Yes.
Somebody wrote a story about me
where I allegedly
called for Donald Trump's
assassination.
And it was a long 1,500-word,
very carefully
written piece of reportage,
where I allegedly
gave an interview to a radio
station that
doesn't exist.
And it was like being in a
different, alternative
-- alternative universe in a
novel, like some
other novel, when, suddenly, the
effects come
back and hit me in real life.
And what's troubling is the
professionalism
with which it's done and how
distrust of the
media then leads to this extreme
naivete,
where people will believe
anything.
MARK SHIELDS: Yes.
JUDY WOODRUFF: We're all used to
people stretching
the truth in what we do in
journalism, but
it's just -- it's beyond the
pale.
Just 40 seconds left, Mark.
John Glenn, we lost a great
American hero
yesterday.
What did he represent to this
country?
MARK SHIELDS: Twenty-three years
as a Marine
jet pilot, combat pilot, 149
missions in two
wars, first American to orbit
the Earth, at
a time when the United States
was feeling
-- more than that, it gave the
country a lift.
And, most of all, all he was
about, he was
everything that he seemed to be
and more.
He was the genuine article.
The thing, Judy, to remember
about John Glenn
is that he had had the ultimate
in praise
and national attention.
He was an icon.
All he wanted to do -- he didn't
need validation.
He didn't need an ego fix.
All he wanted to do was public
service.
And he did it.
And he was a great senator and a
great American.
DAVID BROOKS: Just Midwestern
decency, yes.
MARK SHIELDS: Yes.
JUDY WOODRUFF: David Brooks,
Mark Shields,
we thank you.
And we remember John Glenn.
And a news update before we go.
Incoming Senate Minority Leader
Chuck Schumer
has just said, despite
opposition, that Senate
Democrats will provide enough
votes for a
spending bill that avoids a
government shutdown.
Later tonight on "Washington
Week": why President
Obama launched an investigation
into hacking
of the 2016 election, and how
the report could
cause problems for the Trump
administration
after the inauguration.
That's tonight on "Washington
Week."
And on "PBS NewsHour" Saturday:
how attitudes
about war have changed over the
last 20 years.
And that's the "NewsHour" for
tonight.
I'm Judy Woodruff.
Have a great weekend.
Thank you, and good night.